[WIP] RPC Client Agnosticism (#3491)
nucypher/nucypher: newsfragments/3491.feature.rst

> The code is now agnostic towards the type of RPC endpoint used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RPC connectivity is now agnostic to the EVM client fingerprint and implementation technology
```
